[IMP] iot: ts scale addition (#7810)
odoo/documentation: content/applications/productivity/iot/config/troubleshooting.rst

be ticked in the :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)` configuration. To do so, navigate to
:menuselection:`POS app --> 3-Dot Menu on the POS --> IoT Box section --> Edit --> Receipt Printer
--> Cashdrawer checkbox`.

Scale
=====

> 

Reviewer: Is there an introductory "bumper" sentence we could put between these two headers? It's not entirely necessary, just nice to have

Setup Guide for the Ariva S scales
----------------------------------

Odoo has determined that a specific setting in Ariva S series scales (manufactured by
Mettler-Toledo, LLC.) needs modification, and a dedicated Mettler :abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)`

> to proprietary RJ45 cable is required for the scale to function with Odoo :abbr:`IoT (Internet of

Reviewer: ```suggestion
to proprietary RJ45 cable is required for the scale to function with Odoo's :abbr:`IoT (Internet of
```

Things)` box.

> To correctly configure the scale for recognition by the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box, follow
> this setup process for the Ariva S series scales. It is crucial to use the official Mettler
> :abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)` to RJ45 cable during this process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To correctly configure the scale for recognition by the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box, follow
this setup process for the Ariva S series scales.

.. important::
   It is crucial to use the official Mettler :abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)` to RJ45 cable during this process.
```
What do you think? I figured the word "crucial" made this point deserving of an `important` admonition.

Cable
~~~~~

> The Mettler part number is 72256236 - :abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)` to :abbr:`POS (Point of
> Sale)` cable. Contact Mettler or a partner to purchase an authentic cable. Note that no
> other cable outside of this Mettler cable will work for this configuration. Using a serial-only
> cable attached to a serial to :abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)` adapter will not be effective.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The Mettler part number is 72256236 - :abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)` to :abbr:`POS (Point of
Sale)` cable. Contact Mettler or a partner to purchase an authentic cable. Note that **no
other** cable outside of this Mettler cable will work for this configuration. Using a serial-only
cable attached to a serial to :abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)` adapter will **not** be effective.
```

Reviewer: Just bolding words for emphasis

.. image:: troubleshooting/cable-mettler.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Authentic Mettler USB to POS cable, part number 72256236.

Setup
~~~~~

Refer to Mettler's Setup Guide for Ariva S series scales during the following configuration:
`Ariva Checkout Scale User's Guide <https://www.mt.com/dam/RET_DOCS/Ariv.pdf>`_.

> To begin, go to page 17 in the above manual for 'Setup.' This guide lists potential settings for the
> Ariva S series scales. Follow the instructions along with the following process to set
> the scale to Setup Mode. First, hold the :guilabel:`>T<` button for eight seconds or until
> :guilabel:`CONF` appears.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To begin, go to page 17 in the above manual for 'Setup'. This guide lists potential settings for the Ariva S series scales. 

Follow the instructions, along with the following process, to set the scale to Setup Mode. First, hold the :guilabel:`>T<` button for eight seconds, or until :guilabel:`CONF` appears.
```

> Next, press :guilabel:`>T<` until :guilabel:`GRP 3` appears, and then press :guilabel:`>0<` to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Next, press :guilabel:`>T<` until :guilabel:`GRP 3` appears, then press :guilabel:`>0<` to
```

confirm.

> Under :guilabel:`3.1` ensure the setting is set to :guilabel:`1` (USB Virtual COM ports). Press

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Under :guilabel:`3.1`, ensure the setting is set to :guilabel:`1` (USB Virtual COM ports). Press
```

:guilabel:`>T<` to cycle through the options under Group 3.1.

Once :guilabel:`3.1` is set to :guilabel:`1`, press :guilabel:`>0<` to confirm the selection.
Continue to press :guilabel:`>0<` until :guilabel:`GRP 4` appears. Do not change any other setting
unless needed.

Now, press :guilabel:`>T<` until :guilabel:`EXIT` appears.

.. important::

>    Do not make any other changes unless otherwise needed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   Do **not** make any other changes unless otherwise needed.
```
Emphasis

> Once, :guilabel:`EXIT` appears, press :guilabel:`>0<`. Following this, press :guilabel:`>0<` again

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Once :guilabel:`EXIT` appears, press :guilabel:`>0<`. Following this, press :guilabel:`>0<` again
```

to :guilabel:`SAVE`. Now the scale will restart.

Finally, restart the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box to recognize the changes made on

> the scale's configuration. After restarting, the scale will appear as `Toledo 8217`  opposed to
> the previous display where it appeared as `Adam Equipment Serial`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
the scale's configuration. After restarting, the scale appears as `Toledo 8217`, as  opposed to
the previous display, where it appeared as `Adam Equipment Serial`.
```

Bus)`-to-proprietary RJ45 cable is required for the scale to function with Odoo's :abbr:`IoT
(Internet of Things)` box.

To correctly configure the scale for recognition by the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box, follow
this setup process for the Ariva S series scales.

.. important::
   It is crucial to use the official Mettler :abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)`-to-RJ45 cable during
   this process.

Cable
~~~~~

The Mettler part number is 72256236 - :abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)`-to-:abbr:`POS (Point of
Sale)` cable. Contact Mettler, or a partner, to purchase an authentic cable. Note that **no other**
cable outside of this Mettler cable works for this configuration. Using a serial-only cable attached
to a serial-to-:abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)` adapter is **not** effective.

.. image:: troubleshooting/cable-mettler.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Authentic Mettler USB to POS cable, part number 72256236.

Setup
~~~~~

Refer to Mettler's Setup Guide for Ariva S series scales during the following configuration: `Ariva
Checkout Scale User's Guide <https://www.mt.com/dam/RET_DOCS/Ariv.pdf>`_.

> To begin, go to page 17 in the above manual for 'Setup'. This guide lists potential settings for the
> Ariva S series scales.

Reviewer 2: This is a nitpick, since you are referencing the section name in the PDF, I'd prefer italics over single quote formatting. WDYT?
```suggestion
To begin, go to page 17 in the above manual for *Setup*. This guide lists potential settings for the
Ariva S series scales.
```

> Follow the instructions, along with the following process, to set the scale to Setup Mode. First,
> hold the :guilabel:`>T<` button for eight seconds, or until :guilabel:`CONF` appears.
> 
> Next, press :guilabel:`>T<` until :guilabel:`GRP 3` appears, then press :guilabel:`>0<` to confirm.
> 
> Under :guilabel:`3.1`, ensure the setting is set to :guilabel:`1` (USB Virtual COM ports). Press
> :guilabel:`>T<` to cycle through the options under Group 3.1.
> 
> Once :guilabel:`3.1` is set to :guilabel:`1`, press :guilabel:`>0<` to confirm the selection.
> Continue to press :guilabel:`>0<` until :guilabel:`GRP 4` appears.
> 
> Now, press :guilabel:`>T<` until :guilabel:`EXIT` appears.
> 
> .. important::
>    Do **not** make any other changes unless otherwise needed.
> 
> Once :guilabel:`EXIT` appears, press :guilabel:`>0<`. Following this, press :guilabel:`>0<` again to
> :guilabel:`SAVE`. Now the scale restarts.

Reviewer 2: Updating the instances of instructions to press a physical button to use BOLD formatting instead of a :guilabel: since physical buttons are _not_ graphical user interface elements :)
```suggestion
Follow the instructions, along with the following process, to set the scale to setup mode. First,
hold the **>T<** button for eight seconds, or until :guilabel:`CONF` appears.

Next, press **>T<** until :guilabel:`GRP 3` appears, then press **>0<** to confirm.

Under :guilabel:`3.1`, ensure the setting is set to :guilabel:`1` (USB Virtual COM ports). Press
**>T<** to cycle through the options under group 3.1.

Once :guilabel:`3.1` is set to :guilabel:`1`, press **>0<** to confirm the selection. Continue to
press **>0<** until :guilabel:`GRP 4` appears.

Now, press **>T<** until :guilabel:`EXIT` appears.

.. important::
   Do **not** make any other changes unless otherwise needed.

Once :guilabel:`EXIT` appears, press **>0<**. Following this, press **>0<** again to
```

be ticked in the :abbr:`PoS (Point of Sale)` configuration. To do so, navigate to
:menuselection:`POS app --> 3-Dot Menu on the POS --> IoT Box section --> Edit --> Receipt Printer
--> Cashdrawer checkbox`.

Scale
=====

> Scales play a crucial role in the checkout process, especially for products sold by weight rather

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Scales play a crucial role in the checkout process, especially for products sold by weight, rather
```

than fixed pricing.

> Setup Guide for the Ariva S scales
> ----------------------------------

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Set up Ariva S scales
---------------------
```

Odoo has determined that a specific setting in Ariva S series scales (manufactured by
Mettler-Toledo, LLC.) needs modification, and a dedicated Mettler :abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)`

> to proprietary RJ45 cable is required for the scale to function with Odoo's :abbr:`IoT (Internet of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
to proprietary RJ45 cable is **required** for the scale to function with Odoo's :abbr:`IoT (Internet of
```

> Mettler-Toledo, LLC.) needs modification, and a dedicated Mettler :abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)`
> to proprietary RJ45 cable is required for the scale to function with Odoo's :abbr:`IoT (Internet of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Mettler-Toledo, LLC.) needs modification, and a dedicated Mettler :abbr:`USB (Universal Serial
Bus)`-to-proprietary RJ45 cable is required for the scale to function with Odoo's :abbr:`IoT
(Internet of
```

Things)` box.

To correctly configure the scale for recognition by the :abbr:`IoT (Internet of Things)` box, follow
this setup process for the Ariva S series scales.

.. important::

>    It is crucial to use the official Mettler :abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)` to RJ45 cable during

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
   It is crucial to use the official Mettler :abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)`-to-RJ45 cable during
```

   this process.

Cable
~~~~~

> The Mettler part number is 72256236 - :abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)` to :abbr:`POS (Point of

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
The Mettler part number is 72256236 - :abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)`-to-:abbr:`POS (Point of
```

> Sale)` cable. Contact Mettler or a partner to purchase an authentic cable. Note that **no other**

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
Sale)` cable. Contact Mettler, or a partner, to purchase an authentic cable. Note that **no other**
```

> cable outside of this Mettler cable will work for this configuration. Using a serial-only cable

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
cable outside of this Mettler cable works for this configuration. Using a serial-only cable
```

> attached to a serial to :abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)` adapter will **not** be effective.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
attached to a serial-to-:abbr:`USB (Universal Serial Bus)` adapter is **not** effective.
```

.. image:: troubleshooting/cable-mettler.png
   :align: center
   :alt: Authentic Mettler USB to POS cable, part number 72256236.

Setup
~~~~~

Refer to Mettler's Setup Guide for Ariva S series scales during the following configuration: `Ariva
Checkout Scale User's Guide <https://www.mt.com/dam/RET_DOCS/Ariv.pdf>`_.

To begin, go to page 17 in the above manual for 'Setup'. This guide lists potential settings for the
Ariva S series scales.

Follow the instructions, along with the following process, to set the scale to Setup Mode. First,
hold the :guilabel:`>T<` button for eight seconds, or until :guilabel:`CONF` appears.

Next, press :guilabel:`>T<` until :guilabel:`GRP 3` appears, then press :guilabel:`>0<` to confirm.

Under :guilabel:`3.1`, ensure the setting is set to :guilabel:`1` (USB Virtual COM ports). Press
:guilabel:`>T<` to cycle through the options under Group 3.1.

Once :guilabel:`3.1` is set to :guilabel:`1`, press :guilabel:`>0<` to confirm the selection.
Continue to press :guilabel:`>0<` until :guilabel:`GRP 4` appears. Do **not** make any other changes
unless otherwise needed.

Now, press :guilabel:`>T<` until :guilabel:`EXIT` appears.

> .. important::

Reviewer 3: I like this as an admonition. So, do you think it still needs to be said in lines 473-474? Just thought it was worth mentioning.

   Do not make any other changes unless otherwise needed.

Once :guilabel:`EXIT` appears, press :guilabel:`>0<`. Following this, press :guilabel:`>0<` again to

> :guilabel:`SAVE`. Now the scale will restart.

Reviewer 3: ```suggestion
:guilabel:`SAVE`. Now the scale restarts.
```
